README.md, before:

# Feather Project Enclosure

**This project is a work in progress.**

Enclosure built for use with the [Particle mesh](https://www.particle.io/mesh/) product line. This line of micro controllers is built with the [feather specification](https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-feather/feather-specification).

## Parts

- [Particle mesh](https://www.particle.io/mesh/) product
- [Lithium Ion Cylindrical Battery](https://www.adafruit.com/product/1781)
- Temperature Sensor TBD

## Features

- Air vents for airflow
- Battery backup support
- Ability to press reset buttons without opening the enclosure
- Screw mounts

## Versions

### v0.1

![Render v0.1](images/render_v0.1.png)

This was a proof of concept to test venting and wall thickness. It turned out well but was too small (as expected). All vents looked good and printed without support. The lid fit snuggly around the base.

**Settings**

- Wall thickness: 1.2mm
- Layer height: 0.2mm
- Printing temperature: 215 C
- Print speed: 60 mm / s
- Brim speed: 10 mm / s
- Top / bottom speed: 20 mm / s
- Inland PLA+ - Black

**Time to print**

- Print time base: 2 hours 19 minutes
- Print time lid: 1 hour 48 minutes

Commit message:

Version 0.2 notes, code and image.

README.md, after:

# Feather Project Enclosure

**This project is a work in progress.**

Enclosure built for use with the [Particle mesh](https://www.particle.io/mesh/) product line. This line of micro controllers is built with the [feather specification](https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-feather/feather-specification).

## Parts

- [Particle mesh](https://www.particle.io/mesh/) product
- [Lithium Ion Cylindrical Battery](https://www.adafruit.com/product/1781)
- Temperature Sensor TBD

## Features

- Air vents for airflow
- Battery backup support
- Ability to press reset buttons without opening the enclosure
- Screw mounts

## Versions

### v0.2

![Render v0.2](images/render_v0.2.png)

After adding the battery holder and feather board mounts, it's clear the circular enclosure is going to be too big. The next version will be a rounded rectangle to maximize space. Both the battery holder and screw mounts were the correct size but the micro usb opening was in the wrong position. This will be corrected in the next version.

**Settings**

Same as v0.1

**Time to print**

I stopped the print half way through so the total time is unknown.

### v0.1

![Render v0.1](images/render_v0.1.png)

This was a proof of concept to test venting and wall thickness. It turned out well but was too small (as expected). All vents looked good and printed without support. The lid fit snuggly around the base.

**Settings**

- Wall thickness: 1.2mm
- Layer height: 0.2mm
- Printing temperature: 215 C
- Print speed: 60 mm / s
- Brim speed: 10 mm / s
- Top / bottom speed: 20 mm / s
- Inland PLA+ - Black

**Time to print**

- Print time base: 2 hours 19 minutes
- Print time lid: 1 hour 48 minutes
